fix: Remove duplicate `Object` reference (#20684)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/grammar_and_types/index.md

- and {{Glossary("Object")}}

> Although these data types are relatively few, they enable you to perform useful functions with your applications. {{jsxref("Function", "Functions", "", 1)}} are the other fundamental elements of the language. You can think of objects as named containers for values, and functions as procedures that your script can perform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although these data types are relatively few, they enable you to perform useful operations with your applications. [Functions](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Functions) are the other fundamental elements of the language. You can think of objects as named containers for values, and functions as procedures that your script can perform.
```
